Get language settings from backend (#7125)
plone/volto: docs/source/configuration/multilingual.md

Reviewer: Was `plone.app.multilingual` an optional add-on in Plone 6 or later? I can't remember. If it was, then we might need to add some instructions for its installation or configuration.

Author: It has always been an optional core add-on. It needs to be installed in the add-ons control panel, like it already says here.

> ## Volto configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion

(multilingual-volto-configuration-label)=

## Volto configuration
```

> ### In Volto 19 and later

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multilingual configuration in Volto depends on its version.

### Volto 19 and later
```

> Volto 19+ will automatically load the current settings for default language and available languages from the Plone site. A site admin can edit these settings in the Languages control panel in Site Setup, or a developer can configure them using GenericSetup.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
In Volto 19 and later, both the default language and available languages are defined in the Plone site configuration.
A site administrator can configure these values in the {guilabel}`Languages` control panel in {guilabel}`Site Setup`.
A developer can configure them using GenericSetup.

```{versionchanged} Volto 19
Use multilingual configuration from the backend, instead of an environment variable for the frontend.
```
````

> ### In Volto 18 and earlier

Reviewer: ````suggestion
### Volto 18 and earlier

```{versionremoved} Volto 19
The environment variable `SITE_DEFAULT_LANGUAGE` was removed in Volto 19.
```
````

> In Volto 18 and earlier, it is necessary to enable multilingual in Volto's configuration settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Volto 18 and earlier, enable the multilingual feature in Volto's configuration settings.
```
